Add ENV VAR check for displaying update msg (#355)
JuliaDynamics/DrWatson.jl: docs/src/index.md

<iframe width="560" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/jKATlEAu8eE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```

DrWatson is part of [JuliaDynamics](https://juliadynamics.github.io/JuliaDynamics/), check out our [website](https://juliadynamics.github.io/JuliaDynamics/) for more cool stuff!

!!! note "Star us on GitHub!"
    If you like DrWatson the please consider starring the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/JuliaDynamics/DrWatson.jl). This gives as an accurate lower bound of the number of people the software has helped!

## Installing and Updating
To install or update DrWatson, simply type `] add DrWatson` or `] up DrWatson`, respectively, in your Julia session.

> !!! note Pro-Tip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "Update messages"
```

>     Upon update DrWatson will display a message highlighting any major changes. To disable these messages set the environment variable `DRWATSON_UPDATE_MSG=0` prior to starting your Julia session. 

Reviewer: @agerlach is this true? Isn't it enough to set `DRWATSON_UPDATE_MSG=0` prior to `using DrWatson`? I could be after Julia starts. Right?

Author: Julia reads the OS env vars and populates the `ENV` dict at startup. You could set `ENV["DRWATSON_UPDATE_MSG"]=0` after starting Julia and before `using DrWatson` though.

From https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/environment-variables/

> In Bash, environment variables can either be set manually by running, e.g., export JULIA_NUM_THREADS=4 before starting Julia

> Supposing that you want to set the environment variable JULIA_EDITOR to vim, you can type ENV["JULIA_EDITOR"] = "vim" (for instance, in the REPL) to make this change on a case by case basis, or add the same to the user configuration file ~/.julia/config/startup.jl in the user's home directory to have a permanent effect.

>     Upon update DrWatson will display a message highlighting any major changes. To disable these messages set the environment variable `DRWATSON_UPDATE_MSG=0` prior to starting your Julia session. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Upon update DrWatson will display a message highlighting any major changes. To disable these messages set the environment variable `DRWATSON_UPDATE_MSG` to `0` prior to `using DrWatson`. 
```
